README.md, before:

# H801_MQTT
ESP8266 based LED controller using MQTT and/or HTTP

### Features
* Possible to control each channel separatly
* Allows fading from one state to another
* MQTT support
* REST API support
* HTTP page support, builtin HTML page allowing control of colors
* Possible to control fade interval for each channel individually 

### Control
Available properties to set

| Property | Info | Range |
|---|---|---|
| `R` | Red channel | 0-255 |
| `G` | Green channel | 0-255 |
| `B` | Blue channel | 0-255 |
| `W1` | White 1 channel | 0-255 |
| `W2` | White 2 channle | 0-255 |
| `duration` | Number of milliseconds used to fade to new state | 0 - 100000000 (1.2 days) |

Each channels fading is handled separatly, this means that it's possible to execute multiple fade event with different duration separatly for each channel.


Example: The following JSON will change the Red channel to max and Green to min over 5 seconds.
```json
{
  "R": 255,
  "G": 0,
  "duration": 5000
}
```

#### MQTT
By sending JSON encoded string to the MQTT topic `{id}/set`, where id is the unique chip id value, it's possible to control the channels.
The MQTT topic `{id}/updated` will be emitted when changes are made for any of the channels.

#### HTTP POST
By sending JSON encoded string to the `/status` page it's possible to controll the channels.

#### HTTP GET
By doing and HTTP GET on the `/status` page and providing HTML encoded variable, example `/status?R=255&W1=0&duration=5000`, it is possible to set the values.

Commit message:

Move configuration to own class
Move configuration to own class
Possible to set configuration during runtime
Possible to reset unit to initial setup
Only mount SPIFFS when needed
Update README with picture

README.md, after:

# H801_MQTT
ESP8266 based LED controller using MQTT and/or HTTP

### Features
* Possible to control each channel separatly
* Allows smooth fading from one state to another
* MQTT support
** MQTT Login/Password support
** Possible to set MQTT prefix for topics
* REST API support
* Possible to control using webpage

### Control
Available properties to set

| Property | Info | Range |
|---|---|---|
| `R` | Red channel | 0-255 |
| `G` | Green channel | 0-255 |
| `B` | Blue channel | 0-255 |
| `W1` | White 1 channel | 0-255 |
| `W2` | White 2 channle | 0-255 |
| `duration` | Number of milliseconds used to fade to new state | 0 - 100000000 (1.2 days) |

Each channels fading is handled separatly, this means that it's possible to execute multiple fade event with different duration separatly for each channel.


Example: The following JSON will change the Red channel to max and Green to min over 5 seconds.
```json
{
  "R": 255,
  "G": 0,
  "duration": 5000
}
```

#### MQTT
By sending JSON encoded string to the MQTT topic `{id}/set`, where id is either the unique chip id value or the configured alias, it's possible to control the channels.
The MQTT topic `{id}/updated` will be emitted when changes are made for any of the channels.

#### HTTP POST
By sending JSON encoded string to the `/status` page it's possible to controll the channels.

#### HTTP GET
By doing and HTTP GET on the `/status` page and providing HTML encoded variable, example `/status?R=255&W1=0&duration=5000`, it is possible to set the values.

#### HTTP Page control
Browsing to the device it is possible to control the unit using an simple webpage
![HTTP Page](./doc/http.png)


### Configuration
#### Updating
MQTT parameters can both be set during WiFi setup and run-time by posting using REST API to `/config`

| Property | Type | Info |
|---|---|---|
| `mqtt_alias` | String | Prefix to use for MQTT topic, if not set Chip ID will be used |
| `mqtt_server` | String | Server address |
| `mqtt_port` | String | Server port, default value 1883 |
| `mqtt_login` | String | Server login |
| `mqtt_passw` | String | Server password, will be hidden over REST |


#### Reset
It's possible to reset the H801 device to initial setup by sending and HTTP DELETE to `/config` twice under 5 seconds. This will reset both the configuration and the WiFi credentials.
